Add token propagation support (#78)
quarkiverse/quarkus-openapi-generator: README.md

quarkus.oidc-client.petstore_auth.client-id=petstore-app
```

> The configuration suffix `quarkus.oidc-client.petstore_auth` is exclusive for the schema defined in the specification file and the schemaName is sanitized by aplying the rules described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration suffix `quarkus.oidc-client.petstore_auth` is exclusive for the schema defined in the specification file and the `schemaName` is sanitized by applying the rules described above.
```

The configuration suffix `quarkus.oidc-client.petstore_auth` is exclusive for the schema defined in the specification file and the schemaName is sanitized by aplying the rules described above.

> For this to work you **must** add [Quarkus OIDC Client Filter Extension](https://quarkus.io/guides/security-openid-connect-client#oidc-client-filter) to your project:

Reviewer: @wmedvede if it's not mandatory to native compilation, I'd rather keep this optional, so we won't bring unnecessary dependencies to users' projects.

Author: this was restored

> The authorization token propagation can be used with OpenApi operations that are secured with a security scheme of type "oauth2" or "bearer".
> When configured, you can propagate the authorization tokens passed to your own service along the invocations to the rest clients generated by the quarkus-openapi-generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authorization token propagation can be used with OpenApi operations secured with a security scheme of type "oauth2" or "bearer".
When configured, you can propagate the authorization tokens passed to your service and the invocations to the REST clients generated by the quarkus-openapi-generator.
```

Let's see how it works by following a simple example:

> Imagine that we have an `"updatePet"` operation, that is  defined in the `petstore.json` specification file, and that is secured with the `"petstore_auth"` security scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine that we have a `updatePet` operation defined in the `petstore.json` specification file and secured with the `petstore_auth` security scheme.
```

  PetApi petApi;

  /**
   * User programmed operation.
   */
  @Path("/pet/{id}")
  @PATCH
  @Produces(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON)
  @Consumes(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON)
  public Response customUpdatePet(@PathParam("id") long id, PetData petData) {

    // Create a new instance of the Pet class generated by the quarkus-openapi-generator and 
    // populate accordingly.
    Pet pet = new Pet();
    pet.setId(id);
    applyDataToPet(pet, petData);

    // Execute the rest call using the generated client.
    // The petstore.json open api spec stays that the "updatePet" operation is secured with the 
    // security scheme "petstore_auth".
    petApi.updatePet(pet);

    // Do other required things and finally return something.
    return Response.ok().build();
  }

  public static class PetData {
    // Represents the Pet modifiable data sent to the user programmed service.
  }

  private void applyDataToPet(Pet pet, PetData petData) {
    // Set the corresponding values to the Pet instance.
  }
}
```

Let's see what happens when the PetResource service `customUpdatePet` operation is invoked by a third party.

### Default flow
1) The `customUpdatePet` operation is invoked.

> 2) An authorization token is obtained by using the corresponding `"petstore_auth"` OidcClient configuration. (for more information see [OAuth2 Authentication](#oauth2-authentication))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) An authorization token is obtained using the corresponding `petstore_auth` OidcClient configuration. (for more information see [OAuth2 Authentication](#oauth2-authentication))
```

3) The authorization token is automatically passed along the PetApi `updatePet` operation execution by using an automatically generated request filter, etc.

### Propagation flow
However, there are scenarios where we simply want to propagate the authorization token that was originally passed to the PetResource service when the `customUpdatePet` operation was invoked, instead of having to obtain it by using the OidcClient.

> 1) The user service `customUpdatePet` operation is invoked, and an authorization token is passed by the third party typically by using the http `"Authorization"` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) The user service `customUpdatePet` operation is invoked, and an authorization token is passed by the third party typically by using the HTTP `Authorization` header.
```

2) The incoming authorization token is automatically passed along the PetApi `updatePet` operation execution according to the user provided configuration.

> > **⚠️** When configured, the token propagation apply to all the operations secured with the same securityScheme in the same specification file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **⚠️** When configured, the token propagation applies to all the operations secured with the same `securityScheme` in the same specification file. 
```
